
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:

CSE 6332, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q3, Summer 2024   (c) DL, UTA, 2024


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     12 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please show or send the link, raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")
    The cloud provider is MS Azure.

 5. Upload all data files (*jpg and *csv, not this quiz) to the cloud service.

 6. Please create a relational database (your choice which) from the .csv data on the cloud provider, you may do this manually 
    or in code, it is your choice.
  
Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:
 
 10. (a) Allow a user to give a range of time values (for example 18020 to 18060) and you will show the ID, the net value, 
         the time, the id, and the latitude and longitude values for all in within that range.
         Also - please show the time to do those queries. 

     (b) Allow a user to give a time (for example 15560) and a net value (for example "ak") and a count C (for example 3)
         and you will show all C events at that net value starting at that time (for this example at time 15560, 15820,
         15840 at net value "ak" show those 3 events with the same attributes as part a)
         Also - please show the time to do those queries. 

 11. A user will give you the number of times (T) to do the "query", you will do both of the previous questions 
     that number (T) of times (that is repeat the query T times) and show the results as well as the the individual 
     times for each followed by the total time taken. (slight modification to 10.)

 12. The user will give a time (if it exists) and modify any of the attributes.

 13. Repeat the previous question 10 and 11 using (in addition to the database) an in-memory caching mechanism 
     (NOT an in-memory database) then show us. 
     Please show us the number of cache hits and cache misses and times.

 14. Show us, in a link, the application running and we will try it out. Only for parts 10,11,12,13,

 15. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

